docs: Add Contributing document (#413)
plexinc/papr: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Developer Startup Guide

This section will walk you through how to get started working with the code.

### Environment

Verify that node.js is [installed](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

Verify that Yarn v1 is [installed](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).

Alternatively, we recommend you install [Volta](https://volta.sh) to run the correct node.js and package manager versions for this project.

All code changes must work on the minimum Node version specified in [package.json](./package.json) under the `engines` key.

### Setup

[Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) the `papr` repository to your GitHub Account.

Then, run:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/papr
$ cd papr
$ yarn
```

### Running tests

Unit tests:

```sh
$ yarn test
```

TypeScript tests:

```sh
$ yarn test:types
```

Linting tests:

```sh
$ yarn lint
```

Running tests in watch mode:

```sh
$ yarn watch
$ yarn watch:types
```

### Commit messages

This repository is following the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) standard.

The format should look something like the following (note the blank lines):

```txt

> <type>[optional scope]: <description>

Author: I got this code from the [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) site itself.

> <type>[optional scope]: <description>

Reviewer: Weird that they don't include the parens 🤷 

Thoughts on adding list of scopes?

> <type>[optional scope]: <description>

Author: We don't really use scopes, but I did list all the types we support.

> <type>[optional scope]: <description>

Reviewer: I've seen "docs" and "release" used FWIW

> <type>[optional scope]: <description>

Author: `core(release)` is being added by the `standard-version` tool. All other human made commits don't really specify a scope.

> <type>[optional scope]: <description>

Reviewer: Wow I could have _sworn_ I saw others when I looked at the commit history. Weird. Must have been a dream!

[optional body]

[optional footer]
```

This helps us automate the [HISTORY.md](HISTORY.md) generation.

## Pull Request Process

1. Create your branch from `main`
1. Make your code or other changes.
1. Add or update relevant unit/type tests.

> 1. Push the code to your forked repository and open a draft pull request (please follow the guidelines in [How to write the perfect pull request](https://blog.github.com/2015-01-21-how-to-write-the-perfect-pull-request/))

Author: This whole file is a mixture of the [Babel](https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [mongodb](https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)'s contributing files.

1. Perform a self-review using the reviewer guidelines below prior to taking the PR out of draft state.

### Reviewer Guidelines

Reviewers should use the following questions to evaluate the implementation for correctness/completeness and ensure all housekeeping items have been addressed prior to merging the code.

> - Correctness/completeness

Reviewer 2: Is it worth mentioning anything about semver here for thinking about how a change should be released/versioned?

Author: I've added a section about semver in the commit messages above.

Please follow the [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in all your interactions with the project.

## Developer Startup Guide

This section will walk you through how to get started working with the code.

### Environment

Verify that node.js is [installed](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

Verify that Yarn v1 is [installed](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).

Alternatively, we recommend you install [Volta](https://volta.sh) to run the correct node.js and package manager versions for this project.

All code changes must work on the minimum Node version specified in [package.json](./package.json) under the `engines` key.

### Setup

[Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) the `papr` repository to your GitHub Account.

Then, run:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/papr
$ cd papr
$ yarn
```

### Running tests

Unit tests:

```sh
$ yarn test
```

TypeScript tests:

```sh
$ yarn test:types
```

Linting tests:

```sh
$ yarn lint
```

Running tests in watch mode:

```sh
$ yarn watch
$ yarn watch:types
```

### Commit messages

> This repository is following the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository follows the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) standard.
```
